Doc: 13.1 changelog (#10629)
OpenTTD/OpenTTD: changelog.txt

13.1 (2023-04-10)
------------------------------------------------------------------------

> Feature: [NewGRF] Engine name callback. (#10399)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature: [NewGRF] Engine name callback for variant purposes (#10399)
```

Not ideal, but feels like there should be some more context

> Change: Avoid crashing to the side of a train (#10496)

Reviewer: Probably say this was a fix

```suggestion
Fix: Prevent road vehicles on crossing from crashing into the side of a train (#10496)
```

> Fix 8361cf5a73: Missing bounds check for house specs. (#10625)

Reviewer: hash

> Fix 8361cf5a73: Missing bounds check for house specs. (#10625)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix [NewGRF]: Missing bounds check for House GRFs (#10625)
```

possibly minor enough to exclude, or lump in with some of the others

> Fix: Update top toolbar tooltips for added features. (#10616)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix: Improve main toolbar tooltips (#10616)
```

> Fix: NewGRF Action3 (+others) validation (#10601)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix [NewGRF]: Additional validation for Action3 (+others) (#10601)
```

> Fix: Clicking on editbox clear button didn't take account of padding. (#10583)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix: Clear button for editbox didn't take account of padding (#10583)
```

Fix: [Script] Access to enum/consts defined outside of main.nut (#10573)

> Fix #10568: "can savegame be loaded check" failed in dedicated server (#10572)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix #10568: Bogus warning when loading a save with a NewGRFs on dedicated servers (#10572)
```

> Fix #10554: Let Scrollbar::SetPosition clamp instead of assert. (#10555)

Reviewer: Fix #10554: Crash when scrolling in the autoreplace window with collapsed variants (#10555)

> Fix: Network server highlight invisible with RTL layout. (#10551)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix: Network server highlight invisible with RTL languages (#10551)
```

> Fix: Restore using founder client name as company manager name (#10535)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix: Client name was not being used as company manager name (#10535)
```

> Fix: Don't send unused tile field over the network (#10507)

Reviewer: Remove, not user visible(?)

> Fix #10477: Not enough space for text due to rounding down (OSX) (#10489)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix #10477: [macOS] Calculation for window sizes when using custom fonts was being rounded incorrectly (#10489)
```

> Fix #10486: [Script] Debug window requires AIs to be started before GS (#10487)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix #10486: Crash in debug window when GS started before AIs (#10487)
```

> Fix #10469, 5e14a20: [Script] League Table rating element is a int64 everywhere else (#10471)

Reviewer: hash

> Fix #10469, 5e14a20: [Script] League Table rating element is a int64 everywhere else (#10471)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix #10469: [Script] Negative numbers in League Table window were sorted incorrectly (#10471)
```

> Fix #10465: Delay closing of network join progress window (#10466)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix #10465: Crash on timeout if user never enters a password for server (#10466)
```

> Fix #10461, Fix #10280: Town actions GUI issues (#10462)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix #10280, #10461: Crash on opening town windows as a spectator (#10462)
```

> Fix #10059: Clamp config item values to int, disallow negative random deviation, and allow values up to 12 digits including '-' (#10444)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix #10059: Script config values stored in the config file could cause crashes (#10462)
```
